README.md, before:

# todo-app-xyz

## Overview
Create a simple to-do list app where users can add tasks, mark them complete, and delete them. Display tasks in a clean list.

## Requirements Checklist
- [ ] Can add new tasks
- [ ] Can mark tasks as complete
- [ ] Can delete tasks
- [ ] Shows empty state message when no tasks

## Setup
1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/23f3002017/todo-app-xyz.git
   cd todo-app-xyz
   ```

2. Open `index.html` in your web browser

## Usage
Live demo: https://23f3002017.github.io/todo-app-xyz/

Open the page and interact with the application. All functionality is contained in the single HTML file.

## File Structure
- `index.html` - Complete application with inline CSS and JavaScript
- `LICENSE` - MIT License
- `README.md` - This file

## Code Explanation
This is a single-file HTML application auto-generated using OpenRouter LLMs via AIpipe.

**Key Features:**
- Fully self-contained (no build step needed)
- Responsive design
- Accessible markup (ARIA labels)
- Error handling
- Browser-compatible (no external dependencies beyond CDN resources)

## Technology Stack
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Vanilla JavaScript (ES6+)
- CDN resources (Bootstrap, etc. as needed)

## Browser Compatibility
Works in all modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)

## License
MIT License - See LICENSE file for full details

---
*Generated automatically*

Commit message:

Round 2: Improved app - Add ability to sort tasks by date created

README.md, after:

# todo-app-xyz

## Overview
Add ability to sort tasks by date created

## Updated Requirements Checklist (Round 2)
- [ ] Tasks can be sorted
- [ ] Sorted order persists

## Setup
1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/23f3002017/todo-app-xyz.git
   cd todo-app-xyz
   ```

2. Open `index.html` in your web browser

## Usage
Live demo: https://23f3002017.github.io/todo-app-xyz/

Open the page and interact with the application. All functionality is contained in the single HTML file.

## File Structure
- `index.html` - Complete application with inline CSS and JavaScript
- `LICENSE` - MIT License
- `README.md` - This file

## Code Explanation
This is a single-file HTML application auto-generated and improved using OpenRouter LLMs via AIpipe.

**Key Features:**
- Fully self-contained (no build step needed)
- Responsive design
- Accessible markup (ARIA labels)
- Error handling
- Browser-compatible (no external dependencies beyond CDN resources)

## Technology Stack
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Vanilla JavaScript (ES6+)
- CDN resources (Bootstrap, etc. as needed)

## Browser Compatibility
Works in all modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)

## License
MIT License - See LICENSE file for full details

---
*Generated and improved automatically (Round 2)*
